Phone interview

Why shoul I hiring you over the other candidates?
I'm good at what I do; and I get things done, because I have the capability of creating a path and direction that's focused on results and I'm a problem solver. And I'm truly excited to have to opportunity to work with you and ~~Company.

Behavioural Interview Questions
1.Tell me about a time when you worked effectively under dpressure

2.Give an example of how you worked on a team

3.Describe a time when you had to deal with a very upset customer.

4.How you ever made a mistake?
How did you handle it?

#Key words
#Past,Present,Future

#Answer
When/Where
What happend
Your actions
The results

1.I work really well under pressure

Sorry,can you please repeat the question?

I'VE ALWAYS LOVED DESIGN AND TRY NEW THINGS.
SO I SUPPOSE IT'S NATURAL THAT i BECOME A DESIGNER.I'VE WORKED IN A VARIETY OF ROLES AND COMPANIES WHICH I'VE LEARNED A LOT FROM,BUT NOW I'M READY FOR A NEW CHANLLENGE.

Where do you see yourself five years from now?
I DON'T KNOW EXACTLY,BUT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS THAT I COUNTINE TO LEARN AND GROW IN MY CARREER.I'M THE KIND OF PERSON WHO NEEDS NEW CHALLENGES TO STAY FOCUSED.

I MIGHT EVEN START MY OWN BUSINESS BECAUSE THAT'S SOMETHING I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO DO AT SOME POINT IN MY LIFE.

What are your strengths and weaknesses?
FIRSTLY,I'm not a shy person.
But somehow I 've never felt completely comfortable,talking to lage audience.
It's something that I'm actively working on.
I still get nervous,But I can handle it and I don't feel like it holds me back.

I don't speak English very well yet.
But I'm studing English eveyday at home.
I can already understad more and people are telling me that I can speak better than before.
I know that my English will continue to imporove

How did you hear about this position?
I was browsing the indeed platform and when I saw the offer from this company I was really keen to apply the job description and requirements matched my profile perfectly.
(makes me want to work with your company.)
Why you leave your last job?
I don't feel there was an oppotrunity to greaw 
or advance further in that role, So I decided a change would best for my career.

Why do you want to work here?
I have always been passionate about ----and I have seen first hand the work that you do.
I've always wanted to be a part of it.I was especially impressed when I found out that your teams are so small I originally thought you would have so many employees due to the sheer amount of work you do. I love working as part of a small team and seeing my work make a real impact is so rewarding.

My stengths include an ability to work evfectively as part of a theam,being supportive of other team members,being able to focus on the task in hand,carring out my work competently and didigently and also being enthusiasic and motivated about each task.

I have a number of key strengths that i feel would benefit this role,however,I feel so strongest quality is my ability to provide exceptional customer service at all times.
In my previous job I used to go out of my way to provide excellent customer service and care as I felt this was important for our company to continue to lead the market in its niche.The only way this could be achieved,was through outstanding customer care.
What are your strengths?

How would your boss describe you?
I am a good negotiator I managed to negotiate a better price on our stationary last year.

What is your dream job?

Where do you see yourself in five years time?




1.What would an average day look like in the company?

2.what's your favorite part about working here?

what's the newxt step in the interview porcess?

Tell me about your self
 I feel I’m now ready for a more challenging assignment and this position really excites me.” 

FIRST OF ALL I'M QUITE A HANDS OFF 

I HAVEN'T DONE TA=HAT  EXACTLY THING BUT I've done somthing that's similar.

I look forward to participating in something creative.

Tell me about your self
안녕하세요.
저는 박유진 입니다.
한국에서 왔어요.
캐나다에 온지는 이제 1년 반이 됩니다.
제 인생의 모토는 Albert Einstein 의
Life is like riding a bicycle.To keep your balance you must keep moving. 입니다.
저는 매우 긍정적인이며 새로운 것을 배우고 도전하는 것을좋아합니다.
주어진 일에 최선을 다하고 오늘 할일을 내일로 미루지 않습니다.
사진관련 분야에서 6년 호텔업에서 6년 종사 하였으며 그동안 방송제작연출,UI&UX 디자인,비지니스,캐드 등 시간적 여유가 있을 때 마다 늘 새로운 것을 배우는 것에 시간을 아끼지 않았습니다.

창조적이면서도 사람들과 교류 할 수있는 일에 많은 흥미를 가지고 있습니다.
게임에는 전혀 관심이 없지만 인생에서
목표를 정하고 계획을 세워서 그 목표를 달성하는  것을 게임 처럼 즐깁니다.

Hi~My name is Eugene Park.
I from South Korea.
(which is good side of Korea.)
I've in Canada for year and half.
The mottos of my life is that Life is like riding a bicycle.To keep your balance you must keep moving. from super smart guy Albert Einstein.
I'm very positive and like to learn and chanllenge new things.

I will do my best in a given day and do not put off my work today to tomorrow.
I have been working in the field of photography for 6 years and hotel industry for 6 years. 
I love to learning new things alway try to make myself have time to learning  , such as broadcasting production, UI & UX design, business, CAD...etc.
I am very interested in being creative and communicating with people.
I find myself great enjoyment.
I like  to set goals and plan and achieve those goals .



5 Tips
MAY GO TO 
MIGHT

HAVE GOT
HAVEN'T GOT
